Of course she knew Hob Gadling. _He_ didn't know _her_, not officially, but that was just part of their whole deal, wasn't it? Well, no, because if she had ever decided to pop by for a chat and a cuppa, it wouldn't have been the same as stopping by to offer her gift, which was what their deal prevented. Given him a proper scare, it would've, obviously. And she would've felt pressured to answer the thousand of questions that dear little Dream always dodged, and that wasn't her place. Better not to drop by.

But she did know him.

How could she not? He was exempt from her gift, but he was so full of love and passion and curiosity, he never gave up on surrounding himself with others that did not share that particularity. And so, several times across the centuries, he had been somewhere nearby as she collected a soul. Or several souls. And she remembers all of them.

Before she even started the gamble with Dream and Hob (the latter as an unsuspecting but enthusiastic participant), the Black Death had already taken both his parents, and war had taken a handful of his friends. She was there, she remembers the souls, he was there, but at the time, he was... she would _never_ call any human "a nobody". He was a friend she hadn't met yet. Still hasn't met. Will meet someday.

After the gamble was struck, there were other wars and other illnesses that took other people. When she showed up, she saw realization evolving in his face. It started as relief at his "dumb luck", they had both been skewered by the same bastard's sword, but apparently it had missed all the important bits in him because he was still breathing. It slowly morphed into disbelief, because surely he had _stopped_ breathing at one point there, it wasn't the fever talking, the treatment had done shit, his lungs had stopped responding. It eventually landed on a mix of elation and terror, the first due to him being a talkative drunk, not a lying drunk, he had meant what he had said that fateful evening. The second because there were still some years to go before 1489, when he would have a chance to ask what kind of deal exactly he had gotten himself into (and he wouldn't get a full answer until many, many, _many_ years later, and really, little brother, was it necessary to leave the poor bloke fumbling all for the sake of your mysterious persona?).

And thus began a period of cockiness. He was sure he wasn't dying anytime soon, he at least knew The Stranger wasn't a devil, and he had found a non-soldiering profession that decreased the amount of horrors he witnessed. She still saw him every now and then, though. Even when he had the money to throw as an attempt to erase her from the edges of his vision.

Just like she remembers all of them, she remembers cradling the baby against her chest with one hand as she helped Eleanor out of bed with the other. Led on by the midwife garb she was wearing at the time, Eleanor had asked her if it was safe to stand "so soon". Led on by the sad look she received as a response, Eleanor turned around to look at the man hunched over in his chair by her bed, by her _body_, his shoulders shaking with his sobs. A finely dressed gentleman, yet his sobs sounded exactly the same as they had had when he was a scrawny peasant boy clinging to his mother as they dragged the body away to the mass grave.

"Oh, Robert. We'll see each other soon enough in the Lord's Kingdom. Won't we?"

Eleanor had looked at her for that last part. Maybe Dream was onto something when he avoided answering questions.

Hob hadn't been there when she came for Robyn, but she saw him in the way the lad's eyes shone with mischief. She bent over to help him up from the floor (not unlike how she had helped his mother out of bed), his hands a bit too grabby with adrenaline and alcohol.

"I am not done with him, 'tis certain," he laughed, but the other man was already being pushed out the door by his friends, a horrified look on his face. And on the floor, a young man with glassy eyes that were staring, but not looking, at his own soul above him, blood pooling around his head where the edge of the table had hit.

She knew that if anyone were to ask Hob, he'd say that from there til at least two centuries later, he hadn't been anywhere close to where Death went about her rounds; he'd learnt a horrid lesson about immortality and love, and had begun to hold the mortal world at arm's length. It would've been a filthy lie.

She saw him staring blankly at the floor as she collected the soul of an old man wrecked by the London cold, still clutching the stale bread Hob had shared with him. She saw him cursing up a storm at the drunk who had shoved the young prostitute over a ledge into the Thames. She saw him and heard the last bit of the story he was telling the boy that fell asleep on his shoulder, never to wake up again. She dreaded the coming of Hob's and her brother's next meeting, thinking that he'd finally ask for her gift. It would've broken her heart. (And Dream's heart, as well, even if he loved pretending he didn't have one.)

It was quite a turn he took when he managed to reinvent himself. She started seeing him less and less, and yet there were those times when she'd collect a soul while in the stuffed belly of a ship and learn, from what a sailor was saying or a captain was writing, the name of the British gentleman that had invested good coin in that ship's travels. She remembers all of those souls. She remembers every time Hob's name was tied to the deed. She knows Hob remembers, too.

One day, those appointments stopped short (the ones tied to Hob, that is, of course. The rest... oh, the rest...). She silently thanked whoever or whatever had finally knocked some sense into his head and some life back into the good heart she knows he carries within. Still, she held on to her anger years after that. This human that she considered a friend in a bizarre one-sided relationship had disappointed her deeply, and even if he was unaware of her anger (and her existence), she'd not grant forgiveness so easily. Either way, the times that followed did not offer many occasions for her to see him.

And then came the horrors of the modern world.

When war broke out across Europe, it was only natural that Hob Gadling would end up in its midst. He had the experience and no reason to use any of the tricks or guiles he'd picked up over the centuries to avoid the draft. It all sounded righteous enough, too, and that's not an honor all of the wars he'd fought in could be awarded. The righteousness of it all evaporated soon enough. The hunger. The chemical weapons. The civilians caught in the crossfire. She began doing something she had never done before: distracting the souls and making sure they did not look back at their bodies. That used to be their choice, whether they wanted to look back or not. Now, she saw to it that they didn't even consider the option. More than once, she left behind one Hob Gadling staring at the burnt corpse.

That was The Great War. The War to End All Wars. There was hope there, in the name. She cannot judge humans for something as beautiful as their hope.

For the life of her (with apologies for the paradoxical choice of words), she couldn't understand what had driven him to join the _Second_ World War. (They were numbering them, now. Hope dwindled sometimes in the face of horrors.) Once again, there were good reasons being used to call the British men to take up arms, but with everything that Hob had lived through already, surely he'd find a way to slip between the fingers of the draft and escape a new wave of man-made nightmares (and those are far worse than yours, little brother). He didn't. He was there, she saw him. Over and over and over and over and over and over again. And war kept getting crueler. It felt stupid to say so, water kept getting wetter, but when your job is to reap what's left behind, you need to say it.

Hob was both a friend and a stranger. He was a human who had no business in the business of the Endless, and yet he was so close to it that calling upon him would've equaled interfering in Dream's affairs. And that is exactly what she was unable to do, bound by ancient laws. She could not interfere, neither in requesting Hob's assistance nor in grabbing a crowbar with her own hands and smashing that cursed _fishbowl_ to pieces, not if Dream didn't explicitly request it. And he didn't. Of course he didn't.

She knew Hob so painfully, so closely, that she forgot that _he_ didn't know _her_, and that's why the first time he met her, formally, was when she appeared in his living room, the second sermon of the decade for her little brother already starting to pour out of her mouth before she'd fully taken form.
